Now, we can add validation error message on the bottom of each input
So let's go back to our editor
and here bellow title input
let's add the validation error. So we can say if errors has title
which means if it found error message for title input, we'll show something and remember errors
variable will always be available
in our views and it hold all error messages.
OK here we'll show the message and we'll show it in a div
invalid-feedback a bootstrap 4 class that can be used to display validation feedback
here
We can place the message in the strong tag.
And to actually show the message we can say
errors first title
OK let's copy
this validation error
And place below textarea
select all title and change them to body
next
We also need to add one more class to each input so that it will make the input and the validation error
message in the red color.
Actually we need to put it together with a form control class.
So here we can select them. In visual studio code, atom or sublime you can do that by hitting ctrl+D
And then you can check
if title
has error
we add is-invalid class
otherwise we just add empty string.
Of course we need to change these to body
Save that.
And now if we reload to page
we will not see any difference because the validation error messages will only appear if the request that
we sent do not pass the given validation rules.
Right now we haven't defined any validation rules yet
So if we click the submit button
we'll got this error, because we need to define `csrf_token` in our form
So let's go back to our form
and here we can add `csrf` like so save
back to our form, reload once again and hit the submit button
now will only get blank page like this.
All right so now we have a question form but to make it actually working we'll do at least two things.
first we need to define validation rules to make sure that
the question that entered in our form
is what we expected.
And the second after we sure that the question we received is valid then we'll save it into our database
and we'll do that in the next lesson.
And before we close this lesson let's save our work into our git repository.
Let's go back to our terminal
and hear we can say git add all. git commit
dash m
And I'll say build a question form. Then I'll push my current branch to my remote repo: git push origin
lesson-7
And then we can switch to our master branch git checkout master and then merge the master
branch to lesson-7 branch git merge lesson-7
and last
let's push our branch to remote repo git push origin
master
OK great.